recipe1:
    Healthier Baked Cheesecake
    Ingredients
        non-stick cooking spray
        4 eggs, separated, plus 2 egg whites
        sugar substitute equal to 3/4 cup sugar
        1 teaspoon lemon juice, divided
        dash of salt
        1 teaspoon vanilla extract
        3 cups 3% soft white cheese, or light cream cheese or ricotta cheese, drained
        1/2 teaspoon grated lemon rind
        2 tablespoons vanilla-flavored, low-carb soy protein powder
        1/2 cup low-fat sour cream
        sugar substitute equal to 2 tablespoons sugar
        1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
    Directions
        Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan with baking paper.
        Spray just a bit with non-stick cooking spray. Separate the eggs. Beat egg whites with salt,
        half of the sugar substitute and half of the lemon juice, until stiff.
        Beat the egg yolks with the remaining sugar substitute until thick. With the mixer on a low-medium setting,
        beat in the vanilla, cheese, lemon juice and rind, and protein powder until incorporated. Gently fold into the beaten egg whites.
        Bake for 10 minutes at 400F, then turn the oven down to 300F and bake for another 40 minutes.
        When the top of the cake is set, turn off the oven and keep the oven door closed.
        Allow to cool for another hour in the oven. Remove and continue to cool on a wire rack.
        Combine topping ingredients. Spread on top of the cheesecake and bake for 5 minutes at 450F.
recipe2:
    Banana Peanut Butter Loaf Cake
    Ingredients
        1½ cups sugar
        ⅓ cup oil
        2 eggs
        ⅓ cup creamy peanut butter
        1 cup mashed bananas (2-3 whole bananas)
        ½ cup milk (dairy or non-dairy)
        2 cups flour
        1 tsp. baking powder
        1 tsp. baking soda
        ½ tsp. salt
        1 cup chocolate chips
    Directions
        Mix the sugar and oil. Add the eggs one at a time, and then the peanut butter, mixing after each addition.
        Mash the bananas well and measure out 1 cup. Add to the batter with the milk (non-dairy works well) and mix until combined.
        Add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together. Mix until all the dry ingredients have been incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips.
        Grease two loaf pans and pour half the batter into each. Bake at 350°F (180°C) for 30-40 minutes, until a skewer comes out clean.
        Freezes well.
recipe3:
    Portobello Mushroom Pizza
    Ingredients
        1 cup bottled Italian dressing
        6 large Portobello mushroom caps
        1 cup prepared marinara sauce
        1 cup shredded mozzarella
        1 teaspoon dried oregano
        1 teaspoon garlic powder
     Directions
        Preheat oven to 375° F. Lightly grease a cookie sheet with non-stick cooking spray.
        Place Italian dressing in a medium bowl.
        Wipe mushroom caps with a damp paper towel to clean them. Dip in Italian dressing.
        Place on prepared cookie sheet rounded side down.
        Spoon approximately 2 tablespoons of marinara into each cap.
        Sprinkle on mozzarella, oregano and garlic powder.
        Bake at 375° for 20 to 25 minutes, or until cheese is bubbly.
recipe4:
    Greek Quinoa Salad
    Ingredients
        2 cups cooked tricolor quinoa (1 cup raw)
        2 small cucumbers
        10-15 cherry tomatoes
        1 small purple onion
        1 cup loosely packed flat leaf parsley
        1 cup pitted black olives (use kalamata if you have)
        1 cup cooked or canned chickpeas
        1 cup crumbled feta cheese
        ¼ cup olive oil
        ¼ cup fresh lemon juice
        2 tbsp. red wine vinegar
        2 cloves garlic
        1 tsp. salt
        ½ tsp. fresh cracked black pepper
    Directions
        Cook the quinoa according to the directions on the packet and set aside to cool fully.
        (You can use any kind of quinoa—I like the look and texture of the tri-color.)
        Prepare the vegetables: slice the cucumbers into quarter rounds, halve or quarter the tomatoes (depending on size),
        finely dice the onion, chop the parsley roughly, and slice the olives. If you’re using canned chickpeas, rinse them thoroughly.
        Whisk the dressing ingredients in a small bowl.
        Gently toss the quinoa with the vegetables and feta. Pour the dressing and toss until coated. Serve.
recipe5:
    Fillet of Sole
    Ingredients
        ¼ cup of olive oil
        ¾ cup fresh lime juice
        1 tbsp. finely chopped fresh cilantro
        1 small jalapeño, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped
        1 teaspoon chopped garlic
        4-6 fillets of sole
        salt
        2 tbsp. vegetable oil
     Directions
        In a mixing bowl, combine oil, lime juice, cilantro, jalapeño and garlic. Whisk until smooth.
        Season the fish with salt. Add the fish to the marinade and coat each side well.
        Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for one hour.
        Fry the fish in oil until golden brown, about 4 to 6 minutes on each side. Remove and drain on paper towels.
        Season with salt and pepper.
recipe6:
    BBQ Chicken and Potatoes
    Ingredients
        1/2 cup Gefen Unsweetened Applesauce
        1/4 cup honey
        1/4 cup red wine
        2 tablespoons Tuscanini Balsamic Vinegar
        1/3 cup Tuscanini Tomato Paste
        4 chicken bottoms, thighs and legs separated
        4 to 5 medium Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cubed
        1/2 teaspoon onion powder
        1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
        1/2 teaspoon paprika
    Directions
        Mix the sauce ingredients in a bowl.
        Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Place potatoes and chicken into a baking dish.
        Shake on the spices to cover. Pour the BBQ sauce on top. Rub into chicken and potatoes.
        Bake covered for about two hours. Uncover and baste. Continue to bake uncovered for another 15 minutes.
        The sauce will reduce and thicken. The chicken and potatoes should be very soft; if they aren’t yet,
        keep cooking, covered, until they are.
recipe7:
    Chicken Nuggets with Sweet-and-Sour Dipping Sauce
    Ingredients
        1 pound (450 grams) chicken cutlets, cut into nuggets
        1 cup flour
        1/2 teaspoon baking powder
        1–2 teaspoons salt
        1 tablespoon Pereg Sweet Paprika
        1/2 cup water
        2 teaspoons oil, plus more for frying
        2 eggs
        1/4 cup brown sugar
        1/2 cup white sugar
        1 tablespoon Heaven and Earth Lemon Juice
        1/3 cup water
        1/4 cup ketchup
        1/4 cup vinegar
        1 and 1/2 tablespoons Gefen Cornstarch, dissolved in 2 tablespoons water
    Directions
        Cut the chicken cutlets into nuggets.
        In a large bowl, mix remaining ingredients. Place all the nuggets into the coating mixture and ensure each nugget is well coated.
        Heat oil in a frying pan and fry the chicken in batches, making sure not to crowd the pan.
        Mix sugars, lemon juice, water, ketchup, and vinegar in a pot. Bring to a boil, then simmer for two to three minutes.
        Mix the cornstarch and two tablespoons water in a cup until the cornstarch is completely dissolved.
        Add to the pot and continue cooking until the mixture thickens.
recipe8:
    Lentil Soup
    Ingredients
        1 cup split red lentils, rinsed
        4 cups water
        2 large cloves garlic, crushed or 2 cubes Gefen Frozen Garlic
        1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
        1 tablespoon coarse salt
        2 tablespoons Tuscanini Extra-Virgin Olive Oil
        Gefen Cumin, to taste
        crushed red pepper, to taste
        lemon juice, to taste (optional)
    Directions
        Add the lentils to the water in a medium-sized saucepan.
        Bring to a boil over low heat until the lentils are creamy. Remove from heat.
        In a medium-sized pan, sauté the garlic, coriander, and salt in the olive oil.
        Add the garlic mixture to the lentils, return the pan to low heat, and simmer for one hour.
        Serve with a pinch of cumin, crushed red pepper, and lemon juice, if desired.
recipe9:
    Flavored Rice
    Ingredients
        1 cup rice
        3 cups water
        1/4 cup Gefen Soy Sauce
        2 tablespoons parve chicken soup mix
        1 pound frozen vegetables, such as Beleaf Frozen Broccoli Florets
    Directions
        Combine rice, water, and seasonings.
        Place into a nine- x 13-inch pan. Bake covered at 400 degrees Fahrenheit for 50 minutes
        Add frozen vegetables and bake for additional 30 minutes.
recipe10:
    Chocolate-Covered Cookie Truffles
    Ingredients
        3 and 1/2 ounces (100 grams) butter, softened
        3/4 cup (150 grams) white sugar
        1 teaspoon Gefen Vanilla Extract
        pinch of salt
        3 tablespoons milk
        1 and 1/4 cups (175 grams) heat-treated flour
        3 and 1/2 ounces (100 grams) Elite Milk Chocolate, finely chopped
        7 ounces (200 grams) Elite 70% Dark Chocolate
        2 teaspoons oil
        colored sprinkles
    Directions
        Place butter, sugar, vanilla, salt, and milk in a mixer bowl and beat with a flat whisk.
        Mix at medium speed until you get a creamy mixture.
        Add flour and chocolate and mix until you get a smooth, somewhat sticky dough.
        Chill the dough in the refrigerator for about an hour.
        Make 25–30 balls of dough and chill in the freezer before coating.
        Chop the chocolate and put in a bowl.
        Dissolve in a microwave or a double boiler until melted and smooth.
        Transfer the chocolate into a relatively tall, narrow cup.
        Dip the end of each of the skewers in a little melted chocolate and place a skewer into each of the truffle balls.
        Dip the balls in the chocolate coating and shake off the excess.
        Decorate with sprinkles and store in the refrigerator until serving.